feat(gap-spacing): Apply gap spacing margin-bottom rules to conditionalPanel too (#1031)
rstudio/bslib: NEWS.md

* `tooltip()` and `popover()` now work as expected when inserted into a navbar/navset via `nav_insert()`. (#1020)

> * `uiOutput()` no longer yields unwanted double padding when it's parent container uses `gap` for spacing multiple elements (e.g., `layout_columns()`, `page_fillable()`, etc). (#992, #1031)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `uiOutput()` and `conditionalPanel()` no longer yield unwanted double padding when their parent container uses `gap` for spacing multiple elements (e.g., `layout_columns()`, `page_fillable()`, etc). (#992, #1031)
```
